Creatures with a challenge rating of 0, as well as plants that aren’t creatures, drop to 0 hit points when within 10 feet of the artifact.
The artifact imprisons a death slaad (see the Monster Manual). Each time you use one of the artifact’s properties as an action, the slaad has a 10 percent chance of escaping, whereupon it appears within 15 feet of you and attacks you.
While you are attuned to the artifact, creatures of a particular type other than humanoid (as chosen by the DM) are always hostile toward you.
The artifact dilutes magic potions within 10 feet of it, rendering them nonmagical.
Before using one of the artifact’s properties as an action, you must use a bonus action to draw blood, either from yourself or from a willing or incapacitated creature within your reach, using a piercing or slashing melee weapon. The subject takes 1d4 damage of the appropriate type.
When you become attuned to the artifact, you gain a form of long-term madness (see “Running the Game”).
You take 4d10 psychic damage when you become attuned to the artifact. Your maximum health is reduced by this amount while you are attuned to the artifact.
You take 8d10 psychic damage when you become attuned to the artifact. Your maximum health is reduced by this amount while you are attuned to the artifact.
Before you can become attuned to the artifact, you must kill a creature of your alignment.
When you become attuned to the artifact, one of your ability scores is reduced by 2 at random. A greater restoration spell restores the ability to normal.
Each time you become attuned to the artifact, you age 3d10 years. You must succeed on a DC 10 Constitution saving throw or die from the shock.
While attuned to the artifact, you lose the ability to speak.
While attuned to the artifact, you have vulnerability to all damage.
While attuned to the artifact, you have disadvantage on saving throws against spells.
While attuned to the artifact, you are blinded when you are more than 10 feet away from it.
While attuned to the artifact, you have disadvantage on saving throws against poison.
While attuned to the artifact, you emit a sour stench noticeable from up to 10 feet away.
While attuned to the artifact, all holy water within 10 feet of you is destroyed.
While attuned to the artifact, you are physically ill and have disadvantage on any ability check or saving throw that uses Strength or Constitution.
While attuned to the artifact, your weight increases by 1d4 × 10 pounds.
While attuned to the artifact, your appearance changes as the DM decides.
While attuned to the artifact, you are deafened when you are more than 10 feet away from it.
While attuned to the artifact, your weight drops by 1d4 × 5 pounds.
While attuned to the artifact, you can’t smell.
While attuned to the artifact, nonmagical flames are extinguished within 30 feet of you.
While you are attuned to the artifact, other creatures can’t take short or long rests while within 300 feet of you.
While attuned to the artifact, you deal 1d6 necrotic damage to any plant you touch that isn’t a creature.
While you are attuned to the artifact, animals within 30 feet of you are hostile toward you.
While attuned to the artifact, you must eat and drink six times the normal amount each day.
While you are attuned to the artifact, your body rots over the course of four days, after which the rotting stops. You lose your hair by the end of day 1, finger tips and toe tips by the end of day 2, lips and nose by the end of day 3, and ears by the end of day 4. A regenerate spell restores lost body parts.
While you are attuned to the artifact, you determine your alignment daily at dawn by rolling a d6 twice. On the first roll, a 1–2 indicates lawful, 3–4 neutral, and 5–6 chaotic. On the second roll, a 1–2 indicates good, 3–4 neutral, and 5–6 evil.
