I judge others harshly, and myself even more severely
My piety sometimes leads me to blindly trust those that profess faith in my god. 
I am suspicious of strangers and suspect the worst of them. 
I can't resist a pretty face
I'm too greedy for my own good. I can't resist taking a risk if there's money involved. 
If there's a plan, I'll forget it. If I don't forget it, I'll ignore it.  
I turn tail and run when things go bad. 
I'll do anything to win fame and renown. 
I'm a sucker for a pretty face. 
I have trouble keeping my true feelings hidden. My sharp tongue lands me in trouble
Despite my best efforts, I am unreliable to my friends.
I have a weakness for the vices of the city, especially hard drink
Secretly, I believe that things would be better if I were a tyrant lording over the land.
I have trouble trusting in my allies. 
I'm quick to assume that someone is trying to cheat me
I'm never satisfied with what I have--I always want more. 
I'm horribly jealous of anyone who outshines my handiwork. Everywhere I go, I'm surrounded by rivals. 
I let my need to win arguments overshadow friendships and harmony. 
I am slow to trust members of other races
I am easily distracted by the promise of information. 
Your fingernails take a sickly yellow green hue that no matter what do you do is able to be seen even when you try to cover them up,
your hair becomes much more wiry and coarse even the most luxurious of products are unable to make it go back she feeling like normal hair
you begin to grow a pair of horns,  you begin to grow hair in places you never wanted hair (i.e.  a man growing hair down his neck orders a woman starting to grow a light mustache or unibrow.
You work with a light limp the most people notice when they walk with you for more than a few moments
You have become more incontinent, you are unable to hold your bowls.
Your eyes take on an amber brown hue or a sickly green hue
your teeth begin to take on a deeper yellow color 
when people look at you for too long they begin to see a hue of blue or green in your skin if your skin color is already around the color it is much deeper 
you have lost the ability to keep your legs stable whenever you sit you are constantly bouncing your legs  
it is hard for you to keep your arm stable when you sit for too long or when you stay standing for too long your arms almost move on their own doing random tasks such as clicking a pen
you have face blindness if someone asked you to describe someone's face you cannot do it without them standing in front of you 
I obey the law, even if the law causes misery. 
I'd rather eat my armor than admit when I'm wrong. 
My hatred of my enemies is blind and unreasonable. 
Violence is my answer to almost any challenge. 